every day is again club really make a
swirl my parents asked if their
grandchildren could visit them for a
week we are this is where I mom grew up
I've learned to spend time with you for
so long
[Music]
we're having a great time I have not
seen you naina this happy in years
bedtime here is 9:30 he's probably best
you two shouldn't come out of your room
after that day in the morning 9:30 9:30
what is that it's 10:47 we think there's
something outside the door how was that
I think Nana's not feeling well
grandmother's fine it's like somebody
talking in their sleep what's he doing
there we are during the day we're just
clean here and even weirder at night um
there's something wrong with Nana and
Papa they're just old are you okay
they're hiding something it's just the
end of your trip I've said it's all over
good let's make it a perfect night
well you need a comb right now would you
mind getting inside the oven to clean it
[Music]